src/experience.md, before:

* il faut trouver un moyen de palcer les 
fichiers images et svg

* l'image ne voulais pas passé donc j'ai convertis 
le svg en un compoenet svg et c'est elle que j'ai 
display au finish

* Il y a certains type de svg qui ne peuvent pas se comporter entant que 
source dans la l'attribut src des images en JS.

link i'm trying to reproduce
https://www.qr-code-generator.com/


* Pour le cas de detailed menu le secret
réside dans la définition claire de ce que je voulais


* J'ai décourvert une autre maniere d'importer les svg dans le react
Sans passer par la création suplémentaires des components.
Il s'agit d'importer les svgs comme étant des component react


## thinks to work on
* add the fivecon


## Defining Cleary 

When i clicked the hambourger i can still se the menu
no problem on that

Now when i clicked the chevron i can show
the detailed menu.

then when i clicked the back icon rehshow the menu
Or when i click outside reshow the menu



When import svgs as react componenent I saw a little
change on the brand logo , that brand logos is changing his color 
and it seems to be affected by another style but what kind of style.

Ya the other style is comming from a class named sto in the actual css
right embedded into the svg itself , so i deleted this class and style it my self.

The only property used so far is fill: var(--btn-primary)

### thinks to learn
* Learn about the ref in React
* Learn about the box shadow property in css
* Learn how to insert svg in the react 
* Learn about svg and how to style them

Commit message:

start design the forms , make active class for current selected element in icon-text

src/experience.md, after:

## What I learned
* il faut trouver un moyen de palcer les 
fichiers images et svg

* l'image ne voulais pas passé donc j'ai convertis 
le svg en un compoenet svg et c'est elle que j'ai 
display au finish

* Il y a certains type de svg qui ne peuvent pas se comporter entant que 
source dans la l'attribut src des images en JS.

link i'm trying to reproduce
https://www.qr-code-generator.com/


* Pour le cas de detailed menu le secret
réside dans la définition claire de ce que je voulais


* J'ai décourvert une autre maniere d'importer les svg dans le react
Sans passer par la création suplémentaires des components.
Il s'agit d'importer les svgs comme étant des component react

* On peut changer les propriétes du path d'un svg


## thinks to work on
* add the fivecon
* above 303 px the design looks terrible maybe add another max-width or
think of a smooth design there.
* change Icons fill color on clicked to means it's choosen



## Defining Cleary 

When i clicked the hambourger i can still se the menu
no problem on that

Now when i clicked the chevron i can show
the detailed menu.

then when i clicked the back icon rehshow the menu
Or when i click outside reshow the menu



When import svgs as react componenent I saw a little
change on the brand logo , that brand logos is changing his color 
and it seems to be affected by another style but what kind of style.

Ya the other style is comming from a class named sto in the actual css
right embedded into the svg itself , so i deleted this class and style it my self.

The only property used so far is fill: var(--btn-primary)

on clik an icon-text 
signal it to the user it's cliked by changing the fill color
of the icon

In order to achieve this i want to manipulate the icon strocke with
make it by default to 1.

It seems like may be i need to think about other properties than the stroke.

then displaying the according forms  above the svgs div named
selected form

My approch is to design a set off forms for each icons 
and renther a specif in a function call

I will need to add a state tracker , use state of a variable
wish will update the selected Form

### thinks to learn
* Learn about the ref in React
* Learn about the box shadow property in css
* Learn how to insert svg in the react 
* Learn about svg and how to style them
